use dbt to ingest data from mysql-cdc and postgres-cdc (#2285)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/guides/ingest-from-postgres-cdc.md

|CIDR |CHARACTER VARYING* |
|MACADDR |CHARACTER VARYING* |
|MACADDR8 |CHARACTER VARYING* |

> ## Use dbt to ingest data from postgres-cdc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use dbt to ingest data from PostgreSQL CDC
```

> In this dbt example, `source` and `table_with_connector` models would be used. For more details, please refer to https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/use-dbt/#define-dbt-models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to use dbt to ingest data from PostgreSQL CDC. In this dbt example, `source` and `table_with_connector` models will be used. For more details about these two models, please refer to [Use dbt for data transformations](/transform/use-dbt.md#define-dbt-models).
```
